docs: update community guides and resources (#208)
oras-project/oras-www: docs/community/developer_guide.mdx

make build-windows
```

## Cleaning Workspace

To remove all files not manged by git, run `make clean` (be careful!)

## Managing Dependencies

[Using Go Modules](https://blog.golang.org/using-go-modules) to manage dependencies.

To update or add new dependencies, run `go get <package name>`.

## Release Checklist

:::info

This section needs a lot of love and automation 🙂

:::

> 

Reviewer: These should automatically number when they start with `1.`. Is that not working?

Author: It is, I thought that was done by accident in the markdown though. I'll revert these changes in the next commit.

   - Update oras version: replace [current stable version](https://github.com/oras-project/oras/blob/main/internal/version/version.go#L20) with upcoming release version.
4. After the release PR got merged, [create an issue](https://github.com/oras-project/oras/issues/new) to call for vote on cutting off a release branch named `release-<major>.<minor>` based on the version update commit.
5. Make fresh clone of the repo after all above steps are completed. Create a new tag for the version prefixed with "v" and push the tag directly to the repo.
    ```sh
    version=1.0.0
    git tag v${version}
    git push origin v${version}
    ```
6. Wait for GitHub Actions to complete successfully for both the `release-ghcr` and `release-github` pipelines.
7. Download all of the artifacts uploaded to the new GitHub release locally (`*checksums.txt`, `*darwin_amd64.tar.gz`, `*linux_armv7.tar.gz`, `*linux_arm64.tar.gz`, `*linux_amd64.tar.gz`, `*windows_amd64.zip`).
8. Verify the checksum of the file, downloaded platform should pass the check:
    ```sh
    shasum -c oras_${version}_checksums.txt
    ```

> 9. Run version command and make sure that version number and git commit digest is what you expect it to be (same as the commit used to create the tag). Example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
9. Run `oras version` command and make sure that version number and git commit digest is the expected value (same as the commit used to create the tag). Example:
```

    ```sh
    mkdir -p oras-bin/
    tar -zxf oras_${version}_linux_amd64.tar.gz -C oras-bin
    ./oras-bin/oras version
    ```

10. Create armored GPG signatures(`.asc`) using the key in the `KEYS` file.
    ```sh
    for file in `ls`; do
        gpg --armor --detach-sign $file
    done
    ```

> 11. Validate the signatures. Not that the `KEYS` file should be imported with `gpg --import KEYS`. Run some form of the following (adapted from Linux project):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
11. Validate the signatures. Note that the `KEYS` file should be imported with `gpg --import KEYS`. Run some form of the following (adapted from Linux project):
```

    ```sh
    for file in `ls *.asc`; do
        gpg --verify $file
    done
    ```

> 12. Click "Edit release" button on the release, and add the `.asc` files created in the previous step. Edit the release description for change logs and also add a note indicating your GPG key used to sign the artifacts. Example (replace with your fingerprint etc.):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
12. Click the "Edit release" button on the release, and add the `.asc` files created in the previous step. Edit the release description for change logs and also add a note indicating your GPG key used to sign the artifacts. Example (replace with your fingerprint etc.):
```

    ```
    ## Notes

    This release was signed with `BE6F A8DD A48D 4C23 0091 A0A9 276D 8A72 4CE1 C704` (@qweeah's GPG key) which can be found [here](https://github.com/qweeah.gpg).
    ```
13. Click "Publish Release" button to save. Double-check that the release contains a corresponding `.asc` file for each release artifact.
14. Consume beverage of choice.. you're done! Thanks for moving the project forward.

> 15. Oh yea, tell people about it in `#oras`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
15. Oh yea, tell people about it in the `#oras` slack channel.
```
